[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
intending to destroy
a Devil Fruit Factory
in Dressrosa.
However, plans changed
when Law was captured
by Doflamingo.
Luffy has now snuck
into the Royal Palace
to rescue his apprehended ally.
[USOPP yelling]
[SUGAR yelling]
[BOTH yelling]
Calm down, Sugar!
Everything's all right!
Please don't pass
out on me, okay?
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, Usopp
was able to knock Sugar out,
which freed the toys
from their terrible curse.
Mingo just died!
[SABO]
Gross!
Ow, that's hot!
It's really working!
Ace! I take your ability!
No way!
[SABO]
Fire... Fist!
[GROUP yelling]
[LUFFY]
"Dashing onto the Scene!
The Chief of Staff of the
Revolutionary Army, Sabo!"
He broke apart the whole ring.
Who are you?
I got in touch with Hack!
He's waiting for us,
let's hurry!
[SABO]
Works for me!
[TOYS, DWARVES]
Usopp the God! Usopp the God!
[chanting continues]
We will follow your
command, God Usopp!
Anything!
Just tell us what to do!
Uh... Well, uh, in that case...
Why don't you all destroy
the factory behind me
and rescue our little friends?
[TOYS cheering]
Be careful!
Now that you've eaten
a Devil Fruit,
sea water weakens you.
Right, thanks.
[TOY MAN A] Let us show
gratitude and grant our savior's
wish! Tear the building down!
[yelling continues]
Get back here!
Don't touch that factory!
I've got no choice!
It's about to get messy!
[USOPP grunting]
Rest well, hero.
Completing this task
is our honor.
That's great.
Can ya...
...put me down, then?
This way!
[SABO]
Sorry!
It's them.
What the hell?
I thought Lucy was Straw Hat!
I was supposed to be the one
to eat the Flame-Flame fruit!
Just great!
Now how am I supposed to
break this news to Doffy?
[TOYS yelling]
[DIAMANTE]
What do these goons want?
Get him!
He works for Doflamingo!
We're gonna break every
bone in your body!
[TOY MAN D] Annihilate him
and then the factory!
I see, So are these
the toy people?
[HACK]
Hey! Over here!
Hi, Hack! Feels like it's been
ages since I last saw you.
Crazy!
Oh? What happened to your hand?
Oh, uh... I just fell down!
You fell? Really? You lying?
Huh? Why would I lie about
something so trite, huh?
[KOALA chuckles]
I can't believe it.
This place has been
here this whole time.
[KOALA]
By the way, here's your clothes!
[SABO]
Oh, thanks.
Yikes.
Well, this is gonna be something
fun to get used to.
Hey, um...
[BARTOLOMEO] Please don't take
this as criticism but that
was kinda messed up, sir!
I know I can make
barriers and all.
But that doesn't mean
that I'm invincible!
Not that guy.
[KOALA]
Huh?
Who are you?
Come out and say it already.
[SABO]
Me?
The name is Sabo.
We're members of the
Revolutionary Army.
That's who you are?
Then... The first Lucy is too?
No, but we're both enemies
of the World Government.
That man will be the King
of the Pirates someday.
His name is Straw Hat Luffy.
A pirate?
Yup! And he's my brother.
Surprised?
Crazy, huh?
And he's a helluva guy.
[LUFFY]
You're gonna be pirates?
And you've got hidden
treasure already?
I'm gonna be a pirate too!
It's funny, he hasn't
changed a bit.
[ACE]
Well, we'll figure it out
when the time comes.
Maybe we'll leave on
one ship and maybe
we'll leave on three.
[LUFFY]
Ooh!
You stole that from Dadan, huh?
Lemme tell you guys a secret.
All it takes to become brothers
is to share some sake!
Whoa, really? That's so cool!
[ACE] We may sail in different
seas with different crews
on different ships.
But wherever we go
and whatever adventures
we have,
we'll always be brothers,
and nobody can take that away.
From now on, we're honest
to goodness brothers.
Cheers to that!
[GROUP]
Brothers!
[SABO]
He's still the same kid.
Reckless as hell.
That's funny since I
can say the same thing
about you.
Hey now.
[HACK chuckles]
Well, give me some credit.
I usually think things through.
What's that mean?
Luffy is the kinda guy
who only follows
his gut instincts.
I fail to see the difference.
So, wait, what brought you
guys to Dressrosa?
Tell me.
[REBECCA]
Weapons?
[SABO]
This place is exporting firearms
that are contributing to
wars around the world.
We're here to put
a stop to that.
On several occasions,
the Revolutionary Army
has sent operatives
to this kingdom.
However, since they
were turned into toys,
none of them ever returned.
Which is why we
were unable to gather
enough evidence.
[QUIXOTE PIRATE A] That guy in
blue's gonna be a problem.
[QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Yeah, that's Sabo, right?
What's the number 2 of the
Revolutionary Army doing here?
We have to warn the crew!
It seems they're
manufacturing the weapons
elsewhere though.
But where?
Who's producing
all these firearms?
If we can uncover the truth,
we'll have something
substantial to bring back
to Dragon.
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
Ahh! Things are getting
way too messy for me!
Issho Sir!
How should we handle this?
Stay down!
[grunts]
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[ZORO] I guess things are
starting to heat up down there.
I hope they don't need a hand.
Well, whatever.
I gotta find that rock guy.
What a pain.
[TOY MAN E]
Doflamingo!
Pardon me!
But I must hastily proceed!
Not today!
Huh? What is going on here?
[TOY MAN F] You'll pay for
turning us into toy slaves!
We're not gonna let you waltz
out of this place alive!
See you in hell, Doflamingo!
[TOY MAN E]
He's gone?
[TOY MAN H]
What the--?
He couldn't have run away!
Damn it! Where'd that
gaudy bastard run off to?
[TOY MAN J] He's gotta be
around here somewhere.
Search the place!
[TOYS yell]
[KIN'EMON] I quite
literally dodged a bullet.
I was under the impression this
was the enemy's stronghold.
Why would they
target their boss?
Could it be...
...that Operation S.O.P.
was a success
and those angry
guys were all toys
that were turned back to normal?
You're certain that
they've accomplished
their objective, then?
These are good tidings, indeed!
[laughing]
You'd should take your
disguise off quickly,
or else they might try
to attack you again!
[KIN'EMON]
Oh! Excellent suggestion!
And poof!
Kanjuro!
I am on my way to assist you!
[ROBIN]
Koala!
Robin!
I thought I recognized
you back there!
Have you been well?
Yeah!
[ROBIN]
Sabo! Hack!
You haven't changed a bit.
Hey!
It's Miss Robin!
[ROBIN]
Run into Luffy yet?
He okay?
[ROBIN]
Mm-hmm.
This guy is one
of our crewmates.
He's Usopp.
[USOPP groaning]
[SABO]
He should probably rest.
[BARTOLOMEO]
What?!
Usopp's a crew member?
That doesn't sound right at all.
I don't remember his name
on their wanted posters.
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
He's Sniper King, isn't he?!
Cool it. You weirdo.
[QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
You'll pay!
How dare you kill
the Young Master!
I'll blow you away!
[BUFFALO yelling]
Buffalo! I'll kill you!
[BABY 5]
Damn it!
[BABY 5 yells]
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
I'm here to save you!
[BABY 5]
Straw Hat?
Oh, good! You didn't die!
I thought we agreed
you'd destroy the factory,
Straw Hat.
Did you? Or not?
Here's the keys
to his handcuffs.
Wow! You're ready
for anything, aren't ya?
[GLADIUS]
Wait, Straw Hat! Violet!
I won't let you
lay a finger on--
Young Master?
[GLADIUS]
Who did this?
There, King Riku.
I'm sorry for the wait.
Just a sec!
I'm gonna get you
outta here, 'kay?
Thanks, but I'll pass.
Our alliance from here
on out is terminated.
So get lost!
Huh? You're so selfish!
I wanna keep working
with you, so deal with it!
Who's the selfish one now?
Hurry! Use the key!
Oh, right.
You do realize with
the alliance called off,
we're enemies?
If you set me free,
I'll kill you.
That's it!
This is hard enough
to unlock with this dumb
Sea Prism Stone,
so stop squirming!
Steady!
You two aren't paying attention
to me at all, are you?
This sucks! I quit!
Why don't you do it?
I can't touch it either!
I ate a Devil Fruit,
same as you!
[DOFLAMINGO laughing]
[laughing continues]
[GROUP yells]
It's the wall guy!
Pica!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
What a way to go, huh?
That was a surprise.
Wait, Mingo is alive?
Young Master!
[GLADIUS]
You're alive!
How is this possible?
The whole country
should be spiraling
into chaos now that all
the toys have been freed.
[TOYS yelling]
[DOFLAMINGO]
And for whatever reason,
we have some members
of the Revolutionary Army
nosing around too.
It's a sad state of affairs
at the Royal Palace,
don't you think?
I'm left in a
difficult position.
I have no other choice but
to use "The Birdcage."
The Birdcage?
[DOFLAMINGO]
You remember, don't you, Law?
[NARRATOR] Luffy leaps into
action to battle Doflamingo.
Seemingly rising from
the dead, the despotic ruler
carries out a twisted plan
to hide the true history
of Dressrosa.
Spreading fear and chaos,
he threatens to
eradicate the kingdom
and everyone in it.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Devil's Trap!
A Dressrosa Extermination Plan!"
I'm gonna be King
of the Pirates!